Unlicense
=========

.. contents::   Table of Contents
                :depth: 1
                :backlinks: none

In the spirit of contributing to the Public Domain, to the full extent possible
under law, the Ampify Authors ("The Authors") have waived all copyright, patent
and related or neighboring rights to their Contributions to Ampify ("The Work").

This does not apply to works authored by third parties ("Third Party Works")
which come with their own copyright and licensing terms. These terms may be
defined in explicit files within the `third_party` directories or specified as
part of the contents of licensed files. We recommend you read them as their
terms may differ from the terms below.

All trademarks and registered trademarks mentioned in The Work are the property
of their respective owners.


Usage
-----

To affirm that a Contribution to The Work is covered by this Unlicense, add an
informative header like::

    # Public Domain (-) 2011 The Ampify Authors.
    # See the Ampify UNLICENSE file for details.

If the Contribution is to an existing Third Party Work, then it can be affirmed
with an informative header like::

    # Changes to this file by The Ampify Authors are in the Public Domain.
    # See the Ampify UNLICENSE file for details.


Statement of Purpose
--------------------

The laws of most jurisdictions throughout the world automatically confer
exclusive Copyright and Related Rights (defined below) upon the creator and
subsequent owner(s) (each and all, an "owner") of an original work of authorship
and/or a database (each, a "Work").

Certain owners wish to permanently relinquish those rights to a Work for the
purpose of contributing to a commons of creative, cultural and scientific works
("Commons") that the public can reliably and without fear of later claims of
infringement build upon, modify, incorporate in other works, reuse and
redistribute as freely as possible in any form whatsoever and for any purposes,
including without limitation commercial purposes.

These owners may contribute to the Commons to promote the ideal of a free
culture and the further production of creative, cultural and scientific works,
or to gain reputation or greater distribution for their Work in part through the
use and efforts of others.

For these and/or other purposes and motivations, and without any expectation of
additional consideration or compensation, the person associating the Unlicense
with a Work (the "Affirmer"), to the extent that he or she is an owner of
Copyright and Related Rights in the Work, voluntarily elects to apply the
Unlicense to the Work and publicly distribute the Work under its terms, with
knowledge of his or her Copyright and Related Rights in the Work and the meaning
and intended legal effect of the Unlicense on those rights.


Definitions
-----------

The term "distribute" has the same meaning here as under U.S. copyright law. A
"Contribution" is the original Work, or any additions or changes to it.

A Work made available under the Unlicense may be protected by copyright and
related or neighboring rights ("Copyright and Related Rights"). Copyright and
Related Rights include, but are not limited to, the following:

1. the right to reproduce, adapt, distribute, perform, display, communicate, and
   translate a Work;

2. moral rights retained by the original author(s) and/or performer(s);

3. publicity and privacy rights pertaining to a person's image or likeness
   depicted in a Work;

4. rights protecting against unfair competition in regards to a Work, subject to
   the Limitations and Disclaimers, below;

5. rights protecting the extraction, dissemination, use and reuse of data in a
   Work;

6. database rights (such as those arising under Directive 96/9/EC of the
   European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal
   protection of databases, and under any national implementation thereof,
   including any amended or successor version of such directive); and

7. other similar, equivalent or corresponding rights throughout the world based
   on applicable law or treaty, and any national implementations thereof.


Waiver
------

To the greatest extent permitted by, but not in contravention of, applicable
law, Affirmer hereby overtly, fully, permanently, irrevocably and
unconditionally waives, abandons, and surrenders all of Affirmer's Copyright and
Related Rights and associated claims and causes of action, whether now known or
unknown (including existing as well as future claims and causes of action), in
the Work (i) in all territories worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration
provided by applicable law or treaty (including future time extensions), (iii)
in any current or future medium and for any number of copies, and (iv) for any
purpose whatsoever, including without limitation commercial, advertising or
promotional purposes (the "Waiver").

Affirmer makes the Waiver for the benefit of each member of the public at large
and to the detriment of Affirmer's heirs and successors, fully intending that
such Waiver shall not be subject to revocation, rescission, cancellation,
termination, or any other legal or equitable action to disrupt the quiet
enjoyment of the Work by the public as contemplated by Affirmer's express
Statement of Purpose.


Public License Fallback
-----------------------

Should any part of the Waiver for any reason be judged legally invalid or
ineffective under applicable law, then the Waiver shall be preserved to the
maximum extent permitted taking into account Affirmer's express Statement of
Purpose. In addition, to the extent the Waiver is so judged Affirmer hereby
grants to each affected person a royalty-free, non transferable, non
sublicensable, non exclusive, irrevocable and unconditional license to exercise
Affirmer's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work (i) in all territories
worldwide, (ii) for the maximum duration provided by applicable law or treaty
(including future time extensions), (iii) in any current or future medium and
for any number of copies, and (iv) for any purpose whatsoever, including without
limitation commercial, advertising or promotional purposes (the "Public
License").

The Public License shall be deemed effective as of the date the Unlicense was
applied by Affirmer to the Work. Should any part of the Public License for any
reason be judged legally invalid or ineffective under applicable law, such
partial invalidity or ineffectiveness shall not invalidate the remainder of the
Public License, and in such case Affirmer hereby affirms that he or she will not
(i) exercise any of his or her remaining Copyright and Related Rights in the
Work or (ii) assert any associated claims and causes of action with respect to
the Work, in either case contrary to Affirmer's express Statement of Purpose.


Grant of Patent Rights
----------------------

Affirmer hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent license to
make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, transfer and otherwise run,
modify and propagate the contents of this Work, where such license applies only
to those patent claims, both currently owned or controlled by Affirmer and
acquired in the future, licensable by Affirmer that are necessarily infringed by
this Work. This grant does not include claims that would be infringed only as a
consequence of further modification of this implementation. If you or your agent
or exclusive licensee institute or order or agree to the institution of patent
litigation against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a
lawsuit) alleging that this Work or any Contribution incorporated within this
Work constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, or inducement of
patent infringement, then any patent rights granted to you under this Grant of
Patent Rights for the Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is
filed.


Limitations and Disclaimers
---------------------------

1. No trademark rights held by Affirmer are waived, abandoned, surrendered,
   licensed or otherwise affected by this document.

2. Affirmer offers the Work as-is and makes no representations or warranties of
   any kind concerning the Work, express, implied, statutory or otherwise,
   including without limitation warranties of title, merchantability, fitness
   for a particular purpose, non infringement, or the absence of latent or other
   defects, accuracy, or the present or absence of errors, whether or not
   discoverable, all to the greatest extent permissible under applicable law.

   In no event shall the Affirmer be liable for any direct, indirect,
   incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not
   limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data,
   or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of
   liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including
   negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of the Work, even
   if advised of the possibility of such damage.

3. Affirmer disclaims responsibility for clearing rights of other persons that
   may apply to the Work or any use thereof, including without limitation any
   person's Copyright and Related Rights in the Work. Further, Affirmer
   disclaims responsibility for obtaining any necessary consents, permissions or
   other rights required for any use of the Work.


Appendix
--------

* The text of this document is derived from `Creative Commons CC0 1.0
  Universal`_ and the `BSD style license`_ that ships with Google Go.

* This Unlicense is seen as a mere transitional requirement until international
  law adapts to the post intellectual property reality.

.. _Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal: http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode
.. _BSD style license: http://go.googlecode.com/hg/LICENSE
